hello guys this is alpha Mario X from
YouTube with the decayed noodle summit
nyan summit by ops Mario Mario is back
soon zero zero zero is back the music
playing in this track is the Snowhead
temple theme in legend is all the
Majora's Mask using my funky Kong in a
the Wild Wing aka the flame flyer I say
this is a messy texture act to be honest
I fail not only there is there a no
changing post effect which is okay but
such most of the track itself is on
textures itself just aren't very well
suited for a track like this
but it's okay I guess I thought the
music would be suitable for this but you
guys please don't comments about the
music and the constant track of in the
same sort of idea and yes I did end it
okey-dokey now it's toodles
final laugh
the nice theme yep
now watch as I win visa brownish
textures I am NOT approving of at all
they don't shoot it on rape
oh well
these frown pictures are highly
confusing to be honest
oh I failed well guys this is all I have
to say please rate subscribe and comment
to the video below to this video I'll be
in the next custom track / texture hack
video I'll see you guys around